Add speaker's corner page (#155)
virtualscienceforum/virtualscienceforum: speakerscorner.md

# Speaker's Corner

> Named after the renowned corner of Hyde Park in London, the Speaker's Corner seminars are meant to provide a platform

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Named after the renowned corner of Hyde Park in London, the Speaker's Corner seminars are a platform
```

Author: Thanks for the updates. This was meant as a quick draft just to get a page started. But I'm happy to start tweaking from here regardless 👍

for everyone who would like to share their research.

## Give a talk

> The series is hence on a "self-invitation" basis, where you register for giving a talk through the [Registration Form](#speakerscornerregistration) and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The series is hence on a "self-invitation" basis, where you register for giving a talk through the [Registration Form](https://github.com/virtualscienceforum/virtualscienceforum/issues/new?template=speakers_corner_application.md) and
```

The form is not online yet, but that's its future URL
